Skip Navigation

Get Free Number

Get Free Wireless
How it Works

Coverage
Phone Plan Resources

Web Messaging
Download the App
Get free and flexible phone service, always
TextNow is the only free phone service provider with unlimited talk & text, free data for select apps, and nationwide 5G coverage—all in one convenient app.

Download Now
girl on phone
Start calling and texting for free, instantly
Download the TextNow app and choose a free local phone number within seconds. Use it for unlimited talk & text over Wi-Fi. It’s perfect for side hustles, second lines, or just staying in touch—without spending a dime.

Let's Get You Talking

5G data plans that fit your needs—and your budget
With just a one-time SIM purchase*, you can connect to our nationwide 5G network—no long-term contracts, no surprise fees. Bring your own number if you’d like, and manage everything right from the app.

*Free eSIM now available on iOS and Android!

Explore Data Plans


How to get free & flexible 5G service

Download App
Looking for free phone service? Download the app today to get started.


Start Calling and Texting
Get immediate access to unlimited calling and texting over Wi-Fi for free.


Get a SIM Card
A TextNow SIM connects you to our nationwide 5G network with unlimited talk & text, plus free data for select apps—all for $0/month.

New: Free eSIM now available!


Get Flexible Data
Need more than just the basics? Add a Day Pass or upgrade to our Unlimited Plan and get full access to all internet services whenever you need it.


Download Now
Why People Love TextNow
A San Francisco startup may have the solution parents have been seeking for years. Free phone service – without an expensive monthly contract. 

USA Today logo
It works just like any phone carrier but you have no surprise fees, bills, or contracts to sign.

Micah
Austin, TX

4.8 average star rating out of 685,000 app store ratings
4.8
685k App Store Ratings
It's hard to beat a monthly fee of zero dollars, but that's what you'll pay for unlimited calling and texting with TextNow.

Yahoo logo
Featured in
Time magazine logo
CNET logo
USA Today logo
Wall Street Journal logo
Bloomberg logo
[1] TextNow’s Free Flex Plan provides Users with a prescribed amount of data usage, to be used for the limited purposes of using specific mobile applications, such as certain email, navigation, and rideshare applications (collectively, the “Eligible Applications”). The list of Eligible Applications is subject to change at TextNow’s sole discretion, and TextNow does not guarantee the availability or classification of any mobile application as an Eligible Application. See terms and conditions.

[2] Data plans are subject to TextNow's Unlimited 2G Data Fair Use Policy. Speeds are not guaranteed and may vary depending on network availability and other factors.

Any trademarks, logos, service marks, company or product names featured herein that are not owned by TextNow, Inc. are the property of their respective owners. All company, product and service names used in this website are for identification purposes only. Use of these names, trademarks and brands does not imply endorsement.

Download the App

Tiktok
Instagram
Facebook
Linkedin
TextNow
Phone Plan
Get a SIM card
Bring My Phone
International Calling
Visit Online Support
Accessibility
Blog
Downloads
Android
iOS / iPadOS
Windows
macOS
Company
About
Careers
Advertising
Press
Contact
Legal
Resources
Cheap Phone Plan
Cheap Unlimited Data Plan
Best Prepaid Plans
Cheap Plan for Seniors
Cheap Plan for Family
Best Free Texting Apps
Best Travel Phone Plans
2026 TextNow, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Candidate Privacy Policy
2G Fair Use Policy